you can't have Mobility without
flexibility but they are different
Mobility is just the ability to move
it's Mo ability movement ability and
flexibility is just the range of motion
that you are capable of so this even
though most people call this Mobility is
technically flexibility unless I move
now it's considered mobility and watch
this this is still all Mobility Mobility
Mobility Mobility now it's just
flexibility so what's better flexibility
or Mobility well that's kind of a silly
question because you can't have Mobility
without that flexibility so flexibility
wins by default which means the best way
to get more mobile is to get flexible
first and then you work on strengthening
it and the rest will work itself out in
time you know it was Bruce Lee that said
be water my friend by the way I have
flexibility programs in my bio stay
flexy